yes
hello we are all in the skate park of
madrid-río vega one of the best and most
crowded skyper de madrid
starting with comfort so
general has no shadows you only have in
one side of the skatepark last sunset
he served to sit you have the port of
sky park
you have a tier is right next to the
bowl day and not for sayings that are
around to legislate also if not
you have to sit for the
surroundings because so it 's inside
is full of sand another one of those the
park has sand everywhere and
Bearings stop dust rises in
the sand forget to put the cycles
skype for what you do to us because it is
shit
as you enter the skate for and three
fountains are always usually open
but you also have one just in case
a little stand next to the
people is a crowd outfit there
so many people that skates like
that does not skip the entry of one matches
with the output of another of another module and
you can not do a trick at ease without
and fixating ink stamping
to get here these models equip
better communications of all Madrid by
metro can reach or by line 3 or
on line 6 by bus
there are many buses that pass through that area
and here we leave you a few more
for a walk
or if you want to come by car here I leave you
a couple of directions you can put or the
plaza de legazpi and now now technical
how you get to detail how you can put
avenida del manzanares that is also
next to it as a pass of chopera are all
next and here is the route that
you have to do to get to this
electrical these gas companies for the
step of the chopera where abattoir
times in the park go straight until a
bridge and on the right has is the
skatepark
to see the bowl is the most complete of all
madrid has a lot of things to
start are as divided in two
parts one time bigger than the other the
plus the largest part that has ramps
more inclined and that can be done
least things at least with skates and with
tables because it costs more to throw
run are harder to enter
to provide airplanes yes that because with
that of the level you also get many more
speeds as it helps you are but a
little beyond the part with the ramps
the little ones have many more things
you have a perfect copy to enter
both on one side and on the other can be
practice a lot of tricks in trap
and it goes great it was copied great
it's like a looked also at a curve
also perfect without sideways but you can
do continuous that followed
and another thing that the truth that I do not
least I have not seen it in any team
that is how the copy is in peak ups
in peak and is quite cool you can
get up and fall screaming or go
from the side try to make it whole
it's quite pretty cool yes
You can also make waves on the ramp
so do the casualties but speed
you tried to make a transfer too
is attached to an inclined plane and there
what can be skipped and dropped or
give it to the imagination is how we did
we also a little is very well
the bowl will one day be with him
to see the curbs let's start with
the ones that I liked the most are two
curbs embassies one to enter or
on the right or on the left according to
according to your tastes, everything you prefer is
pretty good because apart from being
embassy has a straight part and that
it's always grateful you can start with
a trick and the fall to make another or the
backwards and go straight to the rectum
those curbs are pretty good for
learn and for all
perfect
as you enter the skate park you have another
curb more chiquitito for
beginners that's perfect for
learn by showing little ones and pretty
high
quite rare that you can do things
pretty good to scream at you yesterday that
you want and there it is
it's quite interesting and they do not usually
have the skis for pockets like that
a straight curb with the entrance in
pyramids and there you can enter both of
one side like the other is pretty good
because when you enter other than that although
no momentum of the pyramid enters
quite close and falling is a fall
with a little more slope it's a bit
more level that and I know that too
it was fine is something that you do not see all
the sides there is also a pretty plane
large plane above and downhill
the rest is quite long and allows
changes I do not know or make you a pretty gray
long is pretty good the only bad thing
it's the exit right after leaving
It also has a small curb that
It does not work for us either, but it's good
there they have it
handrails there is 32 embassy one
little girl is pretty good the same
always the handrails are first in
flat and then in fall the little one
It's great to learn and to start
to give embassies perhaps the best
that there are good many escape because
if you fall too after this
a lot of damage and it helps us a lot to
practice that the tocha that is already when
you're tired of the little one
you are going to go says to see if I hit it well
because it has a large gap is
quite long is high increase a little
level according to low and good but is
pretty good for people who already
manages and tricks the truth
that was perfect and the last
railing that are also not
many escape is in a curve if it were
against the curb but not
railings is pretty good to me
like the ropes in curve at least
and it is good that they innovate
we started with the ramps let's start
with the open loop could put it in a
bowl but it gets on ramps because I
they come out well some open the truth that
it's pretty good and it would be better if
would have done a little bit bigger if
have you tried something there none else can
enter because it will be stamped on you
leave or when entering is a pretty bug
big is the idea was good but it failed
a concept of size the size itself
matter kids there is a straight zone for
scream on ramp that is very good there
you can enter from both sides and to
practice is great that's also a
perfect copy a very good ramp and
safe fun let's go there is also a
area that is like a bridge or copy
up and down is pretty good that no no
is found in almost no bowl or in
no sky far
he's pretty cool to get you tricks
you have a certain degree of complexity and
it is great is a little farther
you have like another bridge like that of
before but smaller and more compact
This is also good, it's fun
true and being a more open area
it also allows you to continue trick to
other sides there is another area that is like a
half an egg there, you can do aerial
or you can also try to offer it
the fucked up but hey is pretty good
the same trick left very well is not
something that you find in almost no
side is black be true also the
electrical there are two large mounds
that that takes away to do aerial there's one
what is giant is the quite complicated
but you can take out some brutal areas
there and there is another smaller one that is the
practically to catch run
because nothing interesting comes out and
also and two curbs in the area that
Spend the bone is the street that are
normal curbs with two cutters
Escaleritas and up to here kids
equip the gafi possibly one of
the best this pair of madrid and the
it would be much more if there were not so much
people and things were a little bit
more separated
but well you can not have everything up
the next